[SCALA_server]
scalaHome: $HOME/IBM/LogAnalysis

[DSV_file]
delimiter: ,
totalColumns: 46
aqlModuleName: pulseOMNIbus
version: 1.0.0.0

[field0_indexConfig]
name: logRecord
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true
path_1: content.text
combine: FIRST

[field1_indexConfig]
name: Identifier
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field2_indexConfig]
name: Serial
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field3_indexConfig]
name: timestamp
dataType: DATE
dateFormat: yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ssz
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field4_indexConfig]
name: FirstOccurrence
dataType: DATE
dateFormat: yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ssz
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field5_indexConfig]
name: Node
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field6_indexConfig]
name: NodeAlias
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field7_indexConfig]
name: Summary
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field8_indexConfig]
name: Severity
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field9_indexConfig]
name: Manager
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field10_indexConfig]
name: Agent
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field11_indexConfig]
name: AlertGroup
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field12_indexConfig]
name: AlertKey
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field13_indexConfig]
name: Type
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field14_indexConfig]
name: Tally
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field15_indexConfig]
name: Class
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field16_indexConfig]
name: Grade
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field17_indexConfig]
name: Location
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field18_indexConfig]
name: ITMDisplayItem
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field19_indexConfig]
name: ITMSitOrigin
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field20_indexConfig]
name: CAM_Application_Name
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field21_indexConfig]
name: CAM_Transaction_Name
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field22_indexConfig]
name: CAM_SubTransaction_Name
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field23_indexConfig]
name: CAM_Client_Name
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field24_indexConfig]
name: CAM_Server_Name
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field25_indexConfig]
name: CAM_Profile_Name
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field26_indexConfig]
name: BSMAccelerator_Service
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field27_indexConfig]
name: BSMAccelerator_Function
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field28_indexConfig]
name: TASPAlgorithmInstanceName
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field29_indexConfig]
name: TASPAlgorithmName
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field30_indexConfig]
name: TASPAnomalousMetricGroups
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field31_indexConfig]
name: TASPAnomalousMetrics
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field32_indexConfig]
name: TASPAnomalousResources
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field33_indexConfig]
name: TASPAnomalyTimestamp
dataType: DATE
dateFormat: yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ssz
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field34_indexConfig]
name: TASPCorrelationId
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field35_indexConfig]
name: TASPInstanceIdentifier
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field36_indexConfig]
name: TASPMetricGroupNameList
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field37_indexConfig]
name: TASPMetricInformation
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field38_indexConfig]
name: TASPMetricNameList
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field39_indexConfig]
name: TASPMetricNodeList
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field40_indexConfig]
name: TASPMetricResourceNameList
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field41_indexConfig]
name: TASPMetricResourceTypeList
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field42_indexConfig]
name: TASPMetricScoreList
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field43_indexConfig]
name: TASPMetricValueList
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field44_indexConfig]
name: TASPParentIdentifier
dataType: TEXT
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field45_indexConfig]
name: TASPQuantifier
dataType: DOUBLE
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true

[field46_indexConfig]
name: TASPUpdateTime
dataType: DATE
dateFormat: yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ssz
retrievable: true
retrieveByDefault: true
sortable: true
filterable: true
searchable: true
